Welcome back automation masters.
Now up until this point we've ran this code quite a bit of times and you see that now I have a ton of
chrome browsers open.
That's not good.
How do we close these things.
Well quite easily actually.
All we have to do is say Chrome browser dot close.
Now this close method is going to close our browsers.
However a lot of people sometimes have issues with this method because browsers are constantly being
updated and sometimes selenium has some bugs where it doesn't close this properly.
So this may work for you now.
In my case if I run this
all right well that actually worked.
But there are instances where this won't work.
So you might have to actually call this twice to make sure that it closes the instance.
Now using close is going to close the current window that it's open which is what we're doing here with
quit.
You actually get to close the entire chrome driver.
So let's do quit now and see if this works.
All right.
So that also quit the browser.
But if in your code for some reason you're opening up the browser twice it's going to quit all sessions
unfortunately because these ones are all past instances.
It's not going to know how to quit them.
We should have.
Well quit them from before.
So you're going to have to manually closings for now but at least now you know that you just add this
at the end.
Sorry for showing you how to do that at the very end.
But I had to keep it open so I can explain all these things that are happening to you but ideally you
quit the browser afterwards.
Now this quit and close actually causes a lot of headaches and sometimes it may not work on a browser.
This depends on the versions that you have installed.
There's a ton of forms online they can look up and say hey why isn't my browser quitting.
So it's a it's a heavily debated thing that you can find information online on if it doesn't work for
you.
You might have to call this twice or you might have to check that the version you're using is working
properly.
Now some of you might be asking this gives you a lot of power right.
Because I mean I can start writing bots to go through Web sites maybe I want to write a little board
that goes on every single Reddit post and upvotes it or maybe I click like on a Facebook page over and
over and over maybe there's a voting contest going on and I can just write scripts to automate people
signing in random people signing in and uploading.
Let's say your submission.
So there's many good ways to use automation and many bad ways to use automation.
Maybe you want to send personal messages to your Facebook friends while you can automate it and message
thousands of them all at the same time using something like many but you see websites are smarter than
that because most Web sites will detect when it's a robot controlling it versus when there is a human.
Because of how fast things are happening.
No human is going to be able to send keys and click that fast.
Right.
So selenium actually has thought of that if we actually go back here to the site that I originally showed
you which I'll link to if you scroll all the way down to wait wait allows us to actually wait and simulate
actions at a bit of a delay so most people that write automation scripts on Web sites will use something
like sleep or wait to make sure that there's pauses in between actions so that while Web sites aren't
going to say hey hey this is this is definitely not a human I'm going to block their usage for example
here on the Udemy Web site I tried to write a script that did things really really fast and you'll see
that Udemy actually blocks my activity and says hey please verify that you're a human.
So that it says hey I'm detecting something that makes me believe that this isn't a human I don't want
our servers to get logged with all this activity because I mean companies like you damn you have to
pay for let's say interactions on the Web site because they're talking to back and servers.
So you'll notice some of these things and you want to be careful with automation that you're usually
testing on your own product or your company's product and that you're not abusing the other Web sites
and trying to let's say a game the system but using something like weight actually allows you to at
least not do things as fast as possible so you don't get detected as easily as possible with great power
comes great responsibility and selenium is a great tool for testing a lot of companies hire testers
and automation testers for this specific reason.
It's a great career option for you.
However you can also do bad things with this.
So be responsible.
Don't do anything that might get you in trouble.
Not advocating for anything of that but I hope this gave you a little test into what automation testers
do and you can use selenium not just on browsers you can use them pretty much on any screen you can
run them on Android devices IOW devices pretty much any screen.
I hope that was fun and I'll see you in another video Bye.